Fixed issue #74 (#84)
comp129/comp55: docs/labs/JavavsCPP.md

<https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/11/docs/api/index.html>

Those are all Java files that have been implemented,
are stable and get leveraged by folks who work in Java so that they don't reinvent the wheel.

## Compile Your Files

Compiling refers to a step in turning your code into a program you can execute on your computer!
The way to compile your code also differs between a Java and C++ File

> Say we have 2 files HelloWorld.java and HelloWorld.cpp and both output the phrase "HELLO WORLD"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Say we have *HelloWorld.java* and *HelloWorld.cpp* and both output the phrase `HELLO WORLD`.
```

> To compile and run these files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To compile and run these files,
```

> In the Command Line Terminal go to the directory where the files are stored in your system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your Command Line Terminal go to the directory where the files are stored in your system
```

```bash

>   cd path/to/your/directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cd path/to/your/directory
```

```

To compile the Java code first enter this command

```bash

>   javac HelloWorld.java

Reviewer: ```suggestion
javac HelloWorld.java
```

```

then enter this command to run the file

```bash

>   java HelloWorld

Reviewer: ```suggestion
java HelloWorld
```

```

now with the C++ first enter this command to compile HelloWorld.cpp

```bash

>   g++ HelloWorld.cpp -o HelloWorld

Reviewer: ```suggestion
g++ HelloWorld.cpp -o HelloWorld
```

```

Now with the compiler running you can now run your C++ code!

> Compared to Java, the way to run the C++ file will differ on what system you are on
> , for example, the run for the CPP can look like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compared to Java, the way to run C++ files differs depending on your system.
For example, the run for the CPP can look like:
```
